README.md, before:

# 🐳 Docker Simple CORS Proxy

🐳 [Docker Image](https://hub.docker.com/r/obeoneorg/simple-cors-proxy) | 🔗 [TypingMind Plugin](https://cloud.typingmind.com/plugins/p-01HMARRCP06S0B7Y6HRX1F9R0P)

This is a simple CORS proxy server designed to work with the TypingMind plugin. It allows you to make cross-origin requests to any API without worrying about CORS restrictions.

## 🚀 Features

- 🌐 Seamless integration with external APIs using the TypingMind plugin
- 🔄 Handles CORS headers to enable cross-origin requests
- ⚙️ Easy setup and configuration
- 🐳 Docker image available for quick deployment

## ⌨️ TypingMind Plugin

The TypingMind plugin is a powerful tool that enhances the capabilities of GPT. With the TypingMind plugin, GPT can seamlessly make calls to any API without being restricted by CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) policies. This allows GPT to access external data sources and services, opening up a wide range of possibilities for integration and interaction.

To use the TypingMind plugin, simply install go to the [TypingMind Plugin page](https://cloud.typingmind.com/plugins/p-01HMARRCP06S0B7Y6HRX1F9R0P) and click on Import.

## 🐳 Docker

You can use the Docker image to quickly run the proxy server. Here's how:

1. Pull the Docker image:

```shell
docker pull obeoneorg/simple-cors-proxy
```

2. Run the Docker container:

```shell
docker run -d --name simple-cors-proxy  -p 8080:8080 obeoneorg/simple-cors-proxy
```

## 🐳 Docker Compose

You can use the Docker Compose file to quickly run the proxy server. Here's how:

1. Run the Docker Compose file:

```shell
docker compose up -d
```


## 💻 Usage

To use this proxy server without Docker, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/obeone/simple-cors-proxy.git
```

2. Install the dependencies:

```shell
npm install
```

3. Start the server:

```shell
npm start
```

4. The server will be running on port 8080 by default. You can change the port by setting the `PORT` environment variable.

### Advanced Usage

#### Authentication

If you need to authenticate access to the proxy server, you can use the `PROXY_TOKEN` environment variable. You set the `PROXY_TOKEN` environment variable to the value of your API key, and the proxy server will check the API key in the `X-Proxy-Token` header.

Example :

```shell
docker run -d --name simple-cors-proxy  -p 8080:8080 -e PROXY_TOKEN=YOUR_API_KEY obeoneorg/simple-cors-proxy
```

```shell
curl -H "X-Proxy-Token: YOUR_API_KEY" -H "X-Url-Destination: http://example.com" http://localhost:8080/proxy
```

#### Headers Removal

If you need to remove some headers (for example `X-Forwarded-For`), you can use the `x-headers-delete` header. For example, if you want to remove the `X-Forwarded-For` header, you can set the `x-headers-delete` header to `X-Forwarded-For`.

You can also use the environment variable `HEADERS_TO_DELETE` to remove specific headers, or both.

In both cases, if you need to remove multiple headers, you can use a comma-separated list.

So for example :

```shell
docker run -d --name simple-cors-proxy  -p 8080:8080 -e HEADERS_TO_DELETE=X-Forwarded-For,X-Forwarded-Host obeoneorg/simple-cors-proxy
```

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request on [GitHub](https://github.com/obeone/simple-cors-proxy).

_Generated by GPT-3.5-turbo-1106_

Commit message:

docs(readme): update usage section and add manual installation instructions
Reorganized and expanded the usage instructions in the README. The usage section now includes basic usage with an example command. Introduced a separate section for manual installation steps for improved clarity.

README.md, after:

# 🐳 Docker Simple CORS Proxy

🐳 [Docker Image](https://hub.docker.com/r/obeoneorg/simple-cors-proxy) | 🔗 [TypingMind Plugin](https://cloud.typingmind.com/plugins/p-01HMARRCP06S0B7Y6HRX1F9R0P)

This is a simple CORS proxy server designed to work with the TypingMind plugin. It allows you to make cross-origin requests to any API without worrying about CORS restrictions.

## 🚀 Features

- 🌐 Seamless integration with external APIs using the TypingMind plugin
- 🔄 Handles CORS headers to enable cross-origin requests
- ⚙️ Easy setup and configuration
- 🐳 Docker image available for quick deployment

## ⌨️ TypingMind Plugin

The TypingMind plugin is a powerful tool that enhances the capabilities of GPT. With the TypingMind plugin, GPT can seamlessly make calls to any API without being restricted by CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) policies. This allows GPT to access external data sources and services, opening up a wide range of possibilities for integration and interaction.

To use the TypingMind plugin, simply install go to the [TypingMind Plugin page](https://cloud.typingmind.com/plugins/p-01HMARRCP06S0B7Y6HRX1F9R0P) and click on Import.

## 🐳 Docker

You can use the Docker image to quickly run the proxy server. Here's how:

1. Pull the Docker image:

```shell
docker pull obeoneorg/simple-cors-proxy
```

2. Run the Docker container:

```shell
docker run -d --name simple-cors-proxy  -p 8080:8080 obeoneorg/simple-cors-proxy
```

## 🐳 Docker Compose

You can use the Docker Compose file to quickly run the proxy server. Here's how:

1. Run the Docker Compose file:

```shell
docker compose up -d
```


## 💻 Manual Installation

To use this proxy server without Docker, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/obeone/simple-cors-proxy.git
```

2. Install the dependencies:

```shell
npm install
```

3. Start the server:

```shell
npm start
```

4. The server will be running on port 8080 by default. You can change the port by setting the `PORT` environment variable.

## 📝 Usage

### Basic Usage

To use the proxy server, you need to send a request with the `X-Url-Destination` header set to the URL of the resource you want to access.

Example:

```shell
curl -H "X-Url-Destination: http://example.com" http://localhost:8080/proxy
```

### Advanced Usage

#### Authentication

If you need to authenticate access to the proxy server, you can use the `PROXY_TOKEN` environment variable. You set the `PROXY_TOKEN` environment variable to the value of your API key, and the proxy server will check the API key in the `X-Proxy-Token` header.

Example :

```shell
docker run -d --name simple-cors-proxy  -p 8080:8080 -e PROXY_TOKEN=YOUR_API_KEY obeoneorg/simple-cors-proxy
```

```shell
curl -H "X-Proxy-Token: YOUR_API_KEY" -H "X-Url-Destination: http://example.com" http://localhost:8080/proxy
```

#### Headers Removal

If you need to remove some headers (for example `X-Forwarded-For`), you can use the `x-headers-delete` header. For example, if you want to remove the `X-Forwarded-For` header, you can set the `x-headers-delete` header to `X-Forwarded-For`.

You can also use the environment variable `HEADERS_TO_DELETE` to remove specific headers, or both.

In both cases, if you need to remove multiple headers, you can use a comma-separated list.

So for example :

```shell
docker run -d --name simple-cors-proxy  -p 8080:8080 -e HEADERS_TO_DELETE=X-Forwarded-For,X-Forwarded-Host obeoneorg/simple-cors-proxy
```

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request on [GitHub](https://github.com/obeone/simple-cors-proxy).

_Generated by GPT-3.5-turbo-1106_
